attributeName	attributeDefinition	class	unit	dateTimeFormatString	missingValueCode	missingValueCodeExplanation
Date	Date on which data collection is occurring.	Date		YYYY-MM-DD		
Time	Time at which data collection began. Time was not recorded prior to 2017-10-01.	Date		hh:mm	NA	Attribute was not collected on this date.
Max_Temperature	Maximum air temperature reached over the previous 24 hours. Measured by National Weather Service liquid-in-glass thermometers at Weather Service shelter to the nearest degree. When specified in flags and notes, temperature records were supplied with data logged by an iButton Thermochron in the Weather Service Shelter or by the UV-B temperature sensor in the UV Field. Temperature values recorded in the UV Field were multiplied by a correction factor (.882 for max temps and .847 for min temps) calculated by BVK in June 2016.	numeric	fahrenheit		NA	Attribute was not collected on this date.
Min_Temperature	Minimum air temperature reached over the last 24 hours. Measured by National Weather Service liquid-in-glass thermometers at Weather Service shelter to the nearest degree. When specified in flags and notes, temperature records were supplied with data logged by an iButton Thermochron in the Weather Service Shelter or by the UV-B temperature sensor in the UV Field. Temperature values recorded in the UV Field were multiplied by a correction factor (.882 for max temps and .847 for min temps) calculated by BVK in June 2016.	numeric	fahrenheit		NA	Attribute was not collected on this date.
Current_Temperature	Air temperature at time of observation. Measured by National Weather Service liquid-in-glass thermometers at Weather Service shelter to the nearest degree. When specified in flags and notes, temperature records were supplied with data logged by an iButton Thermochron in the Weather Service Shelter or by the UV-B temperature sensor in the UV Field. Temperature values recorded in the UV Field were multiplied by a correction factor (.882 for max temps and .847 for min temps) calculated by BVK in June 2016.	numeric	fahrenheit		NA	Attribute was not collected on this date.
Precipitation_Belfort	Precipitation from the previous 24 hours. Measured to the nearest 1/100 inch with a Belfort Rainfall Transmitter 5915 in the UV Field located immediately northwest of the Biological Station campus. Measurements were recorded on charts and transcribed to the nearest hundredth inch.	numeric	inch		NA	Attribute was not collected on this date.
Precipitation_ETI	Precipitation from between 12:00 and 11:59 on this calendar day. Measured to the nearest 1/100 inch with an ETI NOAH IV Total Precipitation Gauge in the UV Field located immediately northwest of the Biological Station campus. Measurements were logged in a Campbell Scientific CR1000 data logger.	numeric	inch		NA	Attribute was not collected on this date.
Snowfall	Snow from the previous 24 hours. Measured with a ruler to the nearest 1/4 inch until 2019-05-01, and measured to the nearest 1/10 inch from 2019-05-01 until present. Measured in the UV Field located immediately northwest of the Biological Station campus on snowboards using National Weather Service according to National Weather Service snow measurement guidelines.	numeric	inch		NA	Attribute was not collected on this date.
Snow_On_Ground	Accumulated snow depth. Measured with a ruler to the nearest inch. Measured in the UV Field located immediately northwest of the Biological Station campus on snowboards using National Weather Service according to National Weather Service snow measurement guidelines.	numeric	inch		NA	Attribute was not collected on this date.
Sky_Cover	Amount of cloud cover as observed from Weather Service shelter. Described in oktas.	categorical			NA	Attribute was not collected on this date.
Cloud_Type	Cloud type observed from Weather Service shelter, classified in one of the 10 basic cloud types.	categorical			NA	Attribute was not collected on this date.
Notes	Other notes about weather conditions. Includes extraneous weather and instrumentation changes and damage.	character			NA	No extra notes were taken on this date.
Flag_Max_Temperature	Flags relating to Max_Temperature data field for this observation.	categorical			NA	No flags exist for corresponding data.
Flag_Min_Temperature	Flags relating to Min_Temperature data field for this observation.	categorical			NA	No flags exist for corresponding data.
Flag_Current_Temperature	Flags relating to Current_Temperature data field for this observation.	categorical			NA	No flags exist for corresponding data.
Flag_Precipitation_Belfort	Flags relating to Precipitation_Belfort data field for this observation.	categorical			NA	No flags exist for corresponding data.
Flag_Precipitation_ETI	Flags relating to Precipitation_ETI data field for this observation.	categorical			NA	No flags exist for corresponding data.
Flag_Snowfall	Flags relating to Snowfall data field for this observation.	categorical			NA	No flags exist for corresponding data.
Flag_Snow_On_Ground	Flags relating to Snow_On_Ground data field for this observation.	categorical			NA	No flags exist for corresponding data.